Task: get the Jamvi marketing website into GitHub, then fix a specific list of
problems on it. Do these in order — the push comes first and is not optional.

Do not redesign anything. The design, layout and copy voice are good. These
are targeted corrections.

═══ PHASE 1: GET IT INTO VERSION CONTROL ═══

The website exists only in this workspace. It is live, but no copy is in
GitHub — main still has the old <title>Jamvi</title> with none of the
marketing site. If this workspace is lost, the site is gone.

1. Find where the site lives. Report the exact paths and how it is built and
   served. Look, do not assume.

2. Check the workspace against the remote BEFORE pushing:
       git fetch origin
       git rev-list --left-right --count origin/main...HEAD
   Report BOTH numbers. This workspace has previously been 45 commits behind
   and 25 ahead at the same time, with real work stranded on both sides. If
   the second number is large, STOP and show me the difference rather than
   pushing, merging or resetting.

3. If the divergence is small or zero, commit and push the site to main.
   Report the commit SHA.

Do not proceed to Phase 2 until the site is on GitHub.

═══ PHASE 2: THE FIXES ═══

1. REMOVE THE FALSE SOCIAL PROOF — most important

   The homepage says:
     "Trusted by families & groups across Kenya"  (with three avatars)
     "Join thousands of Kenyans managing their money with clarity and
      confidence."

   Jamvi has no users. Both claims are untrue. For a product asking people to
   trust it with money, invented social proof is the wrong foundation, and in
   Kenya it is the kind of claim consumer-protection rules take seriously.

   Replace with something true, e.g. "Built in Nairobi, for how Kenyans
   actually manage money". Remove the avatar cluster. Rewrite the closing call
   to action so it makes no claim about user numbers.

   Do not substitute another unverifiable claim. No testimonials, no counts,
   no ratings, no company logos.

2. THE MEMBER LIMIT IS WRONG — the site contradicts the app

   Pricing says "Up to 5 members per group". The application enforces SIX.
   A family of six would be told they must pay, then find they do not.

   Change the site to 6 everywhere it appears, not just the pricing card.
   Six is deliberate: it covers two parents and four children, while a chama
   of 12 to 30 is clearly over.

3. STATE THAT JAMVI DOES NOT MOVE MONEY

   Nothing on the site says this. A chama treasurer will assume we hold funds
   unless told otherwise, and that matters legally.

   Jamvi RECORDS contributions, expenses and balances. It does not send,
   receive or hold money, and is not a payment service.

   Put it plainly in the FAQ and add a short line on the homepage. Do not
   bury or soften it.

4. ATTRIBUTE THE PRODUCT TO ITS COMPANY

   You have no context on this, so here are the facts. Jamvi is built by
   Optimum Prime Solutions Ltd, a registered company in Nairobi, Kenya.
   Contact: info@optimumprimesolutions.co.ke. Website:
   optimumprimesolutions.co.ke.

   ADD: a footer line on every page — "Jamvi is a product of Optimum Prime
   Solutions Ltd, Nairobi." — and a short paragraph on the About page naming
   the company. CHECK THE ABOUT PAGE FIRST; it may already say this.

   DO NOT put the company name in the logo, header, navigation, page titles,
   meta titles, the hero, or social handles. Jamvi is the brand people meet;
   Optimum is who they find when they look for who is accountable.

5. PER-PAGE METADATA IS NOT IN THE HTML

   Every route — /, /pricing, /about, /faq — serves the same <title>,
   description and og:title. The real ones are set by JavaScript after load.

   WhatsApp, Facebook and X read raw HTML and do not run JavaScript, so every
   shared Jamvi link previews identically whatever page it points to. For a
   Kenyan product shared through WhatsApp groups, that is the most important
   surface on the site.

   Each page needs its own title, description, og:title, og:description and
   og:image in the initial HTML response.

6. DROP THE OVERCLAIM

   "Syncs perfectly across all your devices" — remove "perfectly". It is the
   one claim a single bad sync disproves.

7. FIX THE HERO ANIMATION

   The headline fades in from near-invisible and is briefly unreadable. On a
   mid-range phone on mobile data it is the first thing a visitor sees. Start
   the text at full contrast or shorten the animation substantially, and
   respect prefers-reduced-motion.

8. CONFIRM TWO COMMITMENTS BEFORE THEY GO LIVE

   The FAQ mentions "non-profit discounts" — only keep it if we intend to
   offer them. The pricing page states KES 500/month publicly. Flag both to
   me rather than deciding yourself.

═══ WHEN DONE ═══

Push. Report what you changed, the commit SHAs, and anything you were unsure
about rather than guessing.